Updates for Terraform policy docs (#2864)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-policy/v0.1.x (beta)/docs/policy/reference/test/data.mdx

## Configuration model

The `data` block supports the following configuration:

- `data` &nbsp "[`<data_source_type>`](#data-source-type)" &nbsp "[`<data_source_label>`](#data-source-label)" &nbsp block

>   - [`attrs`](#attrs) &nbsp object | required

Reviewer: Maybe product team can confirm, but looks like attrs is optional in data block as per source code: https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-policy-cli/blob/f9cf9c5eb7f667e6a43c4291fab3e0b8486fc635/test/configs/datasource.go#L30

    - `<attribute_name>` &nbsp any | repeatable

## Complete configuration example

The following example demonstrates a data block with all configuration options specified:

<CodeBlockConfig filename="tests/example.policytest.hcl">

```hcl
data "aws_vpc" "corporate_network" {
  attrs = {
    id         = "vpc-12345678"
    cidr_block = "10.0.0.0/16"
  }
}
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

## Specification

A `data` block supports the following configuration.

### Data source type

> The data source type (For example: `aws_vpc`, `aws_ami`). Refer to the provider documentation for a list of supported data sources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The data source type, such as `aws_vpc` and  `aws_ami`. Refer to the provider documentation for a list of supported data sources.
```
